Creation of atan.md for Golang (#3212)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/atan/atan.md

---
Title: 'Atan()'
Description: 'Returns the arctangent of the given value.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Math'
  - 'Trigonometry'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`Atan()`** function returns the arctangent of a value given in radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Atan()`** function returns the arctangent, in radians, of a given value.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
result := math.Atan(x)
```

> Notes on the parameter:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Notes on `.Atan()`:
```

- `x` is the value whose arctangent value is to be found.

> - The range must be between between -π/2 to π/2 radians.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `result` will be between between -π/2 to π/2 radians.
```

> - If the parameter is `NaN` it returns `NaN`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If the argument is `NaN` it returns `NaN`.
```

> - If the parameter is either less than -π/2 or greater than π/2 it returns NaN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the parameter is `NaN` it returns `NaN`.
```
